Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
People might recognize my face.
They may even know my name.
But they'll never know who I am.
She can't even bother to call?
She has professionals
do her hair and makeup...
The investigation into the murder
of Rachel Hopkins continues.
Authorities are looking
into a possible connection
with St. hilary's girls school.
the elite local institution
that Hopkins once attended.
We all hide behind the version of
ourselves we present to the world.
Hopkins's close friend and
current St. hilary's headmistress.
Helen wang. has so
far refused to comment.
But people don't change.
Not really.
Not inside.
My god. That sucks.
- You're so funny.
- Know what I hate?
- Freshmen?
- Helen!
No. What I hate
is insecure people.
Ew.
It's weird.
'Cause her sister's cool.
Maybe she just eats her feelings.
Girl's got a lot of feelings.
She's probably just lonely.
Maybe we should invite her over?
Bring her to our table. I'm
gonna go get another coke.
I think she's up to something.
Catherine.
Come sit with us.
I don't know...
I don't really think they
want me over there.
They can be nice sometimes.
Hey. Catherine.
- Whatcha reading?
- Mary shelley's Frankenstein.
Nice.
Catherine Kelly!
How are you?
My god. I love your hair.
What's your secret?
- I don't really have one.
- No. it's way prettier...
I'm so sorry. Here. have mine.
- That's all right.
- No. I insist.
Really. I Don... I don't need another one.
Drink up.
- Tastes like something's in it.
- There is.
Piss.
What?
She just drank my piss!
- My god!
- Ew!
- I didn't know.
- No!
- Rachel. you're the worst!
- Skank!
- No!
- Bye!
My god!
- You're unbelievable.
- No!
It's not like lexy works on a road crew.
diggin' ditches or hangin' drywall!
She literally sits on her ass for a living.
Fabulous. ladies. Let's cut her loose.
You cannot rush perfection.
Horse shit. We gotta go.
- We're walking.
- Teeth.
- Good.
- Thank you very much.
Thank you. ladies.
Okay. you got the gbi press conference
about the charges they
weren't consulted on
that were brought by the da's office.
They got that police reform
nonsense. Blah. blah. blah.
We are leading with dahlonega. correct?
Correct. Lead with it. then put it to bed.
To bed? What do you
mean? I'm just getting started.
There's only so much to be
milked from a dead white woman.
no matter how many
times she's been stabbed.
Okay. look at me.
Deep breath.
We don't need a home run.
Stand-up double will be just fine.
So I thought I'd take
a beat at the moment.
Start to let Atlanta know I
needed to take some personal time.
but I'm back and grateful
for the support. because I am.
I love it. It's great.
Maybe swallow hard right after.
like you've got a lump in your throat.
We'll see what the
viewer response is and...
- And what?
- Who knows?
The return of the queen.
Jesus Christ.
Blackmail. But why?
Beg. Beg me. Clyde.
Take that. bitch.
Yeah. you pig... Rachel. grab his balls.
You like that. Clyde?
- Slap him. Helen!
- You like that?
Gotcha!
Fuck! Goddammit!
You said mommy's f word.
I know. baby. I'm sorry.
I'm... I'm sorry.
Whose phone is that?
What? It...
It's my phone.
It's pink.
Yeah. I know. but. boys
can have pink phones.
It's possible.
What you looking at?
What. on the phone?
Just...
Just... just looking at some work stuff.
Mommy says it's time for dinner.
Does she? Okay. Will you
tell mommy I'll be right down?
- Yes.
- Okay.
- Who took the last drumstick?
- Well. they shorted us.
But I really like those drumsticks.
So do I. Did you pay for it?
No.
You know who else
didn't pay for it? Mama.
There you go. baby.
Meg. go watch TV.
But I wanna see uncle Jack.
In the living room. Now.
- But...
- just do as I say.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. Go easy.
- No. she's fine. Turn on love island.
- Turn on sesame street. baby.
Well. that ain't even
on anymore. Einstein.
- Hell is up your ass?
- What the fuck is going on?
Okay. look. you have no idea what
I have to deal with in a given day.
- Can you sit down and eat your chicken?
- Know what? I do not doubt it.
- Turn the damn TV on.
- Would you go easy?
What's on your mind?
What are you going through?
Rachel was my friend.
Yeah? That right? When
was the last time you saw her?
What. 20 years ago?
Cry me a fuckin' river.
- Last week at the shell station.
- Did you?
She went out of her way to
say hi. Why do you suppose?
I don't know. Y'all are
so close. You tell me.
- Something you wanna say to me?
- No.
Were you fuckin' her?
My god. You were fuckin' her.
Hey. Hey. listen.
What I do in my life
is my business. okay?
My personal life is my
business. You understand?
Were you with her the night she died?
- I told you I was working late.
- Were you?
- I was working late. That's what.
- At what?
- You're a lumpkin county "detective."
- Stop. That's great.
When I said you could move in
after your batshit wife bugged out.
I meant for a couple
weeks. not a fuckin' year.
Am I a fuckin' burden to you?
- Is it the bills I pay?
- Okay.
The groceries I buy? Taking
Meg everywhere she needs to go?
What is so fuckin'... I'm
trying to wrap my head around.
- Meg. why don't you go upstairs?
- No!
- Go to my room.
- Go to your room. You listen to me.
- I am your mother!
- You super mom. ain't you?
- Goddamn it.
- Leaving Meg alone all day.
Tell you what I could do. I could leave.
You can go back to selling
mom and dad's shit on eBay.
Wanna do that? You know what?
Fuck. you got child support. right?
No. That's gonna be hard. You
ain't got a clue who the daddy is.
- Did you kill Rachel?
- Don't you dare come at me with that shit.
Did you do it. Jack?
I'm a detective. I'm your brother.
You really think I could
do something like that?
Do you really think it?
Why'd you swab Meg?
Playing detective? Really. Jack?
- Stop.
- What?
Think I wouldn't notice my sad
sack of a brother starts staying out late
three nights a week
with a bounce in his step.
Then Rachel gets butchered.
You turn pissy and angry again
and come in reeking of perfume.
Not the walgreens kind.
the expensive shit that sticks.
The same kind Rachel fuckin' Hopkins
nearly smothered me
with at the shell station.
- Okay!
- So let's play detective. Jack.
Were you with her or not?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. and?
I... I had sex with her. Is that what you...
- where?
- In my truck.
- Where in dahlonega. you fuckin' idiot.
- I just... I...
In the forest. Zoe. I had sex. I
had sex with her in the forest. I did.
And I fucking left. I did it. and I left.
- I don't know what happened.
- You tell your cop buddies?
- Course I didn't.
- Why not?
They'd look the way you're looking at
me. Zoe. I mean. what... what... what...
I didn't hurt Rachel.
- You look me in my eyes and tell me that.
- Zoe! Zoe.
Come on. I...
I did not... hurt her.
I didn't.
- Hi.
Two DNA samples for processing
in the Rachel Hopkins case.
Okay. Bring 'em on in.
- It's fascinating what you all do.
- Yeah. Okay...
I collected the genetic material.
by the way. for both samples.
One from Clyde duffie.
and the other is mine.
Did he ever find it?
Sorry?
Your partner.
His wedding band.
He asked when he dropped off his
samples. Thought he might've lost it here.
No.
I don't think he did.
That's too bad. I'll get these processed.
Atlanta is gonna go apeshit
when they see you back in the chair
'cause you're a baller. You're the best.
- Okay. guys. we're starting shortly.
- Okay.
Right where you belong.
- I'm here.
- Lexy's back!
So sorry. everyone.
My sister-in-law's nanny
canceled last minute.
I agreed to step in.
but I forgot my phone.
I... it doesn't matter now.
I'm... I'm so sorry. I am here now. Anna.
I am so sorry. I hope they
didn't bring you in just for this.
Jim. how could you?
- Thirty seconds.
- Wait. so are we a go for lexy?
Let's swap them out asap.
Sorry. Anna. I hate to do this to you.
Safe travels. sweetie.
All right. show's over. people.
- That's messed up.
- Okay. people. let's go!
Please leave a message after the tone.
Hey. Mr. Duffie. It's
detective Jack Harper.
I need you to call me back as
soon as you get this message.
It's very important we
talk. Okay? Thank you.
What you got. Boston?
I was thinking it might be a good
idea to head up to sky country.
Talk to Helen wang and
see if she knows anything.
Nah. don't worry about
that. Anything else?
You were right about duffie.
He made two calls before
we even left his driveway.
- First. to his deceased wife.
- And the second?
To Helen wang.
Quite the coincidence. right?
Are you... sir? What's... where are you?
Why would duffie be callin' Helen wang?
I know. Maybe a courtesy call to tell
her we were on our way to interview her?
What. to... to... warn her?
Warn her about what?
Duffie's calling his dead wife's
phone after we asked him not to. right?
He keeps calling. He's
trying to run that battery down.
Must be something on that
phone he doesn't want us to see.
What does that have to do with Helen?
There's something on it
Helen doesn't want us to see.
Now you're talking. What else?
Well. he owns a chain of pizza parlors.
Maybe whatever's on Rachel's
phone is embarrassing for a guy
who owns pizza parlors.
but not career ending.
Not the same for a headmistress
of an elite private school for girls.
See that. Boston? That's
why they pay you the big bucks.
Okay. Look. we're gonna focus on duffie.
All right. full-court press.
He's our main suspect. We
got Helen as an accessory.
- Got it?
- To murder?
Any reason why not?
Just 'cause she's the
boss lady of Hogwarts?
She doesn't wear a
men's timberland boot.
The boot print.
- Fuck.
- The boot print came in today.
It's clear as day.
Men's timberland. size ten.
Okay.
You... you... you sure?
100%. I'm looking at
the cast as we speak.
Well...
Look. priya. I'm not
sure it means anything.
All those people tromping
around that goddamn crime scene.
There were only five
people on the scene then.
Three men. two women.
I contacted all of them.
No one owns that type of
boot or wears a size ten.
No one?
Well. priya. you have
no idea what you have.
So don't say that. Focus on duffie.
Any idea what size shoe he wears?
Elevens.
Well. I want you outside his house now.
Do not let him out of
your sight. understand?
Seems like a waste of
resources when I could just...
if he leaves. I wanna know where
he's going and why. you got it?
Understood.
While I have you here.
Why were you looking for your wedding
ring at the morgue when you don't wear one?
Because sometimes
I do wear one. okay?
You weren't wearing one that day
or any day we've worked together.
You know what. priya?
Sometimes I have it in my
pocket. I like to... I like to feel it.
I still don't know where
that fucking ring is. okay?
Got any more questions.
or can I do my fucking job?
Fuck! Goddamn stupid. fuck!
My god. I'm so sorry.
Nothing to be afraid of.
- Ma'am. do you live here?
- I work here.
Who's gonna answer the
door with a killer on the loose?
Nope. fair enough.
But. ma'am. I'm law enforcement.
I'm just... I'm here to see Helen wang.
She's at the school.
Always there late on Fridays.
Shit.
God...
Gross.
Shazam.
- $38.75.
- Okay.
- Cash or credit?
- Credit.
- Thank you.
- Take care.
- Hey. Davey.
- Hey. man.
Go ahead and get me a couple
extra of those. plastic bags.
Sure. no doubt.
Looks like I found what
duffie's been hiding.
- Great. but where is he now?
- I had to ditch him about 20 minutes ago.
Perhaps it brings back
painful memories. so to speak.
It could also be an attempt
to dispose of evidence.
He could also be lying about tracking her.
Yeah. great job. Hey...
Boston? I'm having trouble hearing you.
Lemme call back when
I get better service.
Sir? Hello?
Is that how Anna likes it?
Your big mouth! Your big fuckin' mouth!
God!
- Stop where you are!
- Hey. Hey. hey. hey. hey!
I'm with the sheriff's department!
You put that gun down!
- I don't see no badge.
- Look. I'm not wearing my badge.
I'm investigator Harper
with the sheriff's department.
You put that gun down now!
Jack? Jack Harper?
Coach Willie? What the
hell are you doing out here?
Well. this is where I am!
- Goddamn.
- This is what I do!
Well. shit. It's... Man. it's
good to see you. coach.
Hey. Good seeing you. man.
You're here 'cause of that
gal they found out in the woods.
That's right.
Just awful.
But I know you'll catch
the monster that did it.
I appreciate that. coach.
I appreciate I never let you blow
my head off with a damn shotgun.
What're you doing with that gun. man?
Little kids start knocking
over headstones.
Then... then I gotta straighten
them up in the mornin'.
About how often does that happen?
Kids come here acting all fools.
Well. two or three times a month.
but not so much since
we. put up some cameras.
You got cameras here. coach?
Yeah. come on in.
My boy set this up for me.
Motion sensors turn
the cameras on and off
so as not to chew up space on
that. whatchamacallit. black box.
The hard drive?
Yeah. something like that.
There you go.
Yeah. When'd you say?
September 2nd in the evening.
September 2nd...
Cameras just always on.
or they need to be triggered?
Rain sets off the sensors sometimes.
So does lightning.
- Any way to speed through a bit?
- Sure.
Certainly don't look
like there's anyone there.
Hey. what's that?
Can you make that one bigger?
Look at that. What is that?
What is it?
What the hell is he doin' out there?
Son. I... I guess you know where this is.
Yeah. I do.
You're listening to radio
Georgia. Soft country 85.3.
Good evening. folks.
Next up. we got a sentimental
classic for a rainy night.
Go to sleep. little baby
'fore that boogerman gets you...
'Fore that boogerman gets you
go to sleep. go to sleep...
Go to sleep. little baby
go to sleep. little baby
want some? You don't? Aw.
You and me and the devil makes three
no devil. only me
there...
- Sh... - Hey. love?
- Yeah?
Maybe we stay in tonight. I don't... I
don't feel good leaving her like this.
Baby. she's fine. She's just a little fussy.
She's all right.
Hey. it's okay. Sh. Sh.
Go to sleep. little baby
go to sleep. little baby
everyone's gone in
the cotton and the corn.
Hey. it's me. It's Richard.
Yeah?
Heard what happened. You heading
all the way down to Atlanta for nothing.
Yeah. I'm fine though.
It's fine.
Well. I just thought
after a day like today...
you might want someone to talk to.
Is that for me?
No. it's for us. Unless you don't drink.
Well. you've opened it already. so...
Hey. for whatever it's worth.
I think she just... spaced out.
Forgot to call it in.
Are you apologizing for your wife?
I might be.
There's no need.
She forgot her phone.
Apparently. she was
babysitting for her sister-in-law.
- Trust me. I have been there. so...
- Sister-in-law?
She doesn't have one.
Okay. Well. maybe she said "sister."
No.
She had a sister. but she
died. like. 20 years ago.
I used to think that
when bad things happen
that it was just random chaos.
that there was no order. and then...
it would make a whole lot more
sense that bad things happen.
Because you bring them
on yourself. somehow.
And when bad things happen...
It means you're allowed to do bad things.
Maybe that's the order.
I don't know.
Sounds like you're blaming yourself
for something that wasn't your fault.
You don't know me that well. do you?
Jack. it happened again. buddy.
- I'll drop you a pin.
- Yeah. I'll be right there.
How is she?
Better now. but she was real
out of it when we pulled up.
Was she naked?
Wearing a watch. so
that's an improvement.
Just walking down the center line.
no memory of leaving her house.
what happened to her clothes.
how she got there. nothin'.
Emts said she's okay. but tonight
coulda got real ugly. partner.
If there was hypothermia or a
trucker with an Adderall addiction.
I might've been making a
different type of phone call.
You want us to run her home? Marnie
uses comfort keepers for her mom...
Randy. I... I... appreciate
it. Thank you. Randy.
- I'm trying to...
- I appreciate the help.
- You got it. detective.
- Hey. Miss Alice?
Want me to take you home?
Miss Alice. everybody needs some
help sometimes. No shame in that.
Only reason you're sittin'
here is 'cause you got lucky.
Did I?
I'm not so sure being hit
by a car is a bad way to go.
Don't say that.
- That's just...
- it beats dying day by day.
Alone.
Not knowing how to get home.
Not knowing who my family is.
Who I am.
Jackie. don't you ever let nobody
tell you that time heals all wounds.
Sometimes it just makes it worse.
What the hell is going
on with you and Anna?
What?
Do you still love her?
Miss Alice. I love your daughter.
I love her.
But it's over.
No. just... There's just
nothing I can do about it.
There's nothing you
can do about it. God.
Do somethin'. Jackie.
Grab the bull by the
horns and do somethin'.
Y'all not divorced yet. I...
I... I didn't miss that. did I?
- No. you did not.
- Okay.
Send her a message.
Tell her you need to talk.
Then convince her you not
gon' quit. that you're gon' fight.
And then do it.
Work. Jackie.
Harder.
Martha Stewart was
cleared of insider trading
but found guilty of obstruction
and lying to federal prosecutors.
On the entertainment
front. bennifer breaks up
as Jennifer Lopez and Ben
Affleck are finally calling it quits.
Well. some people just aren't meant to
be together. Scandal at the super bowl.
Janet Jackson suffers
a wardrobe malfunction.
seen by 89 million viewers.
- Careful who you dance with.
- I who have nothing
and I.
I who have no one
adore you
and want you so.
I'm just a no one
with nothing
to give you
but.
I love you...
He...
He buys you diamonds bright...
I love you Meg-Meg.
Sleep good.
But believe me. dear
believe me when I say
he can give you the world
he'll never love you
the way.
I love you.
Ooh.
Yeah?
My god. Finally.
Where have you been?
I've been calling all morning.
- Why?
- We've got a second body.
Sir?
- Harper. where the fuck are you?
- On my way. sir.
- I don't want you...
- We're doing everything Atlanta would do.
Atlanta? Hell. if I wanted to murder
somebody and get away with it.
Atlanta's the first place I'd go.
We're doing everything
the fb-fuckin'-i would do.
- That's what I wanna hear.
- That's exactly what we're doing.
Well. do it faster.
Who found the body?
Same person who called it in.
Who's that?
Morning. Jack.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm